dr. drew how are you today
beautiful day out how you doing really
is in New York I think I think there's
so much going on to cars what is there
fact and fiction what is real it
everything that's being reported is real
okay just listen to the CBC and Anthony
fallacy and behave accordingly and
remember we have 24 million flu cases
280,000 people hospitalized 16,000 dead
from the flu every look for us should
head with get your flu shot get your flu
shot way more likely to kill you than
Corona now run as a serious thing yeah
well that are in infectious disease in
epidemiology
they need to put this thing to rest they
will and all we have to do is follow
their directions but the panic that the
press is creating is unconscionable it's
it's interrupting the supply line now I
know the patient's having trouble
getting their medication because the
supply line is interrupted so the panic
is having real results so settle down
everybody follow the CDC's
recommendations and let's get on with
things get your flu shot get your flu
shot
very sad like it in my town a Chinese
restaurant basically almost closed
because they said no one's going there
anymore and this is just it's the bulb
going everywhere your point is
well-taken
yeah the panic is having real-world
effect on people people are losing jobs
businesses are closing supply lines
around interrupted medications are being
disrupted because not of the virus
because of the mechanic take feasible
precautions know your risk listen to the
CDC that's it
ok stop beyond that stop obsessing about
it wash your hands regular we should be
doing this all flu season anyway anyway
you're sure I got 16,000 death for the
flu
you're worried about you're much more
likely to die the flu is my favorite how
are you
I'm surviving husband as the the
mediator going today roto virus has
changed a lot of people's lives
especially those of us to talk about it
I hate anything about her virus yeah
we're can-do people
we're used to taking charge of the MC
and I think a lot of folks feel out a
source that they're just being told that
calm panic how do you not panic what
does that look like the worst thing when
you're stressed out is that nothing to
do that might change your predicament
that's how you create hardening of the
arteries and animals so we're basically
doing it a lot of the American
population so we shouldn't panic we
should pack we should panic I'm
panicking the thing you do is to act
like we're supposed to on the things we
can affect and not worry about the
things we can't influence so can I
change how contagious rotavirus is not
really can I change who gets it yes and
since I know that I and other healthy
people without chronic illnesses are
gonna do just fine withdraw Navarre
why can't all worked up about this mark
thing to do is make sure the grandma
doesn't get coronavirus because when she
gets it with her cardiovascular disease
or diabetes or her cancer history that
could be a catastrophe
there's too much mass hysteria going on
about this it's it's it's crazy and your
sister I look down here people wearing
masks I worry about that because you
actually need those masks for people
taking care of patients at hospitals and
if you have the wrong kind of mask
doesn't work anyway if you have the
right kind of mass but don't fit it
correctly in your face
okay if facial hair is not gonna work
anyway so you're actually taking a
resource that the system needs and
wasting it this do the opposite I think
about what we can do to make sure that
it's a little safer today than it was
yesterday when it comes to Tonto virus